pull_request_template.md, before:

<!---
Provide a short summary in the Title above. Examples of good PR titles:
* "Feature: add so-and-so models"
* "Fix: deduplicate such-and-such"
* "Update: dbt version 0.13.0"
-->

## Description & motivation
<!---
Add a description of what that storie's goal is, or add a link to its associated Github ticket.
-->

## Changes to ERD
<!---
Based on the description above, what are the changes you're making in the data platform. Add a screenshot of the ERD you're changing and add description of main changes happening (e.g. new fact table added; adding new fields, etc.)
Here are the commands to generate graph:
- dbdocs build wh_docs/warehouse.dbml
- Follow link
- Go to dag
- Screenshot
-->

## Changes to DAG
<!---
Show us the relevant dbt models that are being introduced or changed by inserting a screen shot of the DAG section that is impacted. 
Here are the commands to generate graph:
- dbt docs generate
- dbt docs serve
- Go to Relationship tab
- Screenshot
-->

## Checklist:
<!---
This is for you as a developer. Have you done all the following tasks before submitting this PR?
-->
- [ ] My pull request represents one story (logical piece of work).
- [ ] I ran the Docker data platform in my development environment without error.
- [ ] I ran the data jobs in my development environment without error.
- [ ] I ran the sqlfluff linter in my development environment without error.

Commit message:

Refactoring PR template to be more representative of type of project worked on here

pull_request_template.md, after:

# Description

Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed. Please also include relevant motivation and context. List any dependencies that are required for this change.

Fixes # (issue)

## Type of change

Please select option that is relevant.

- [ ] New feature (adds functionality)
- [ ] Bug fix (fixes an issue)
- [ ] Infrastructure (provides the necessary resources for platform to run)

# How Has This Been Tested?

Please describe the tests that you ran to verify your changes. Provide instructions so we can reproduce. Please also list any relevant details for your test configuration

- [ ] Test A
- [ ] Test B

# Checklist:

- [ ] My pull request represents one story (logical piece of work).
- [ ] My code follows the [style guidelines](resources/style_guidelines.md) of this project
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my own code
- [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas
- [ ] I ran the Docker data platform in my development environment without error.
- [ ] I ran the data pipelines in my development environment without error.
